feat(examples/combined_vmseries_and_autoscale): Panorama template with static route path monitoring (#306)
PaloAltoNetworks/terraform-aws-vmseries-modules: examples/combined_vmseries_and_autoscale/README.md

| health_az1 | 10.100.0.0/16 | 10.100.1.1 | 11 | 10.100.1.1 |
| health_az2 | 10.100.0.0/16 | 10.100.65.1 | 12 | 10.100.65.1 |
</p>

> Described configuration was prepared for PANOS 10.2.3 in [ASG template](template-asg-path-monitoring.xml), which after importing to Panorama can be merged using command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An example XML configuration (PANOS 10.2.3) snippet of the described configuration can be found [here](template-asg-path-monitoring.xml), which after importing to Panorama, can be merged using the command:
```
